README: clarify what the issue tracker covers (#322)
ansible-community/ansible-build-data: README.md

Holds generated but persistent results from building the `ansible` community package.  This information
may be referred to by other projects and scripts.

## Issue tracker

> The [issue track of this repository](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/issues) is to track various aspects of the `ansible` build, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository's [issue tracker](https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/issues) handles various aspects of the `ansible` build, including:
```

Author: I would modify it slightly to include `This repository's` in the link title. This makes it easier to understand what the link is about for screen readers. Do you want to update your suggestion?

Reviewer: Done!

1. Tracking release dates,
1. Tracking blockers for a release,
1. Tracking adding, renaming, and removing collections,
1. Tracking problems with a release related to the build process:
   - This includes problems that prevent the package to be installed or system packages to be built from the PyPI release;
1. Tracking and discussing other problems with the `ansible` community package:

>    - This includes important problems with the included collections that are not reacted on by the collection maintainers, for example largescale incompatibilities with the current ansible-core version, violation of semantic versioning, and general violation of the [Ansible inclusion requirements](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.html);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This includes important problems with the included collections that are not reacted on by the collection maintainers, for example largescale incompatibilities with the current ansible-core version, violations of semantic versioning, and general violations of the [Ansible inclusion requirements](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.html);
```

>    - This includes important problems with the included collections that are not reacted on by the collection maintainers, for example largescale incompatibilities with the current ansible-core version, violations of semantic versioning, and general violations of the [Ansible inclusion requirements](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.html);

Reviewer: ```suggestionrea
   - This includes important problems with the included collections that are not acted on by the collection maintainers, for example largescale incompatibilities with the current ansible-core version, violations of semantic versioning, and general violations of the [Ansible inclusion requirements](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.html);
```

   - This includes major or security bugs in collections with wide-reaching consequences that are not addressed by the collection maintainers, or cannot be addressed on the collection level for some reason.

> This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs, feature requests, or for asking for help with collections included in the `ansible` package. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the issue trackers of the respective collections, or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).

Reviewer: I think we should also mention ansible-core here. This is not for tracking issues with ansible-core and those issues should be reported to github.com/ansible/ansible.

Reviewer 2: @gotmax23 In all those lines? I think it's a good idea to add ansible-core (in addition to included collections) to what issues here are **not** for, something like:

> This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs, feature requests, or for asking for help with collections included in the `ansible` package or `ansible-core`. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the issue trackers of the respective collections or [ansible-core](https://github.com/ansible/ansible), respectively, or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).

But I don't see ansible-core in the other lines you've mentioned. I may be wrong, though. It might help if you would provide a suggestion.

Author: I would split the sentence up, like this:
```suggestion
This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs, feature requests, or for asking for help with collections included in the `ansible` package. It is also not for issues with `ansible-core`. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the issue trackers of the respective collections, the [ansible-core issue tracker](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/), or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me. @gotmax23?

Reviewer: @mariolenz, I was only talking about the last paragraph. I'm not sure why Github showed all that context.

How about this?

```suggestion
This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs or feature requests for `ansible-core` or the collections in included in the `ansible` package or for user support. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the [`ansible-core` issue tracker](https://github.com/ansible/ansible), issue trackers of the respective collections, or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).
```

> This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs or feature requests for `ansible-core` or the collections in included in the `ansible` package or for user support. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the [`ansible-core` issue tracker](https://github.com/ansible/ansible), issue trackers of the respective collections, or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This issue tracker is **not** for tracking regular bugs or feature requests for `ansible-core` or the collections included in the `ansible` package or for user support. **Such issues will be closed.** Instead, check out the [`ansible-core` issue tracker](https://github.com/ansible/ansible), issue trackers of the respective collections, or consider [asking for help in the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/).
```
